Create a web based application that will produce and play a daily audio news report on curated topics.  It is called “Morning Report.”  Each day at 6:00am PST an internet search will be completed searching trusted websites for the latest updates on the following topics: world news, US news, local news (zip code 92373), NBA, AI, EVs, autonomous driving tech, humanoid robots, EVTOLs, new tech gadgets, anti-aging supplements and science, virtual medicine practice, travel.
The information will be assimilated and AI will write a news report of approximately 1000 words.  The report will cover each topic that has new information from the last report (produced 24 hours earlier).  Information will not be repeated from the previous report unless there is notable updates to the story.  The report will be written to be presented verbally.  It will be intelligent, engaging, and concise.  It will contain essentially only news items and very little banter or fluff.  The first line of each report will be “Here’s your morning report.”  The final line of each report will be “That’s it for your morning report.  Have a great day!”  The 10 previous reports will be cached and reviewed during the production of a new report to ensure that no information is repeated, but also to ensure that notable updates to stories are included.
The report will then be converted to an audio file by TTS.  The presenting voice should be natural, engaging and as human-like as possible. The processing of the story and audio file should be done behind the scenes at 6:00am PST so that it can immediately be played when a user accesses the site.  There will be an musical audio file uploaded that will play briefly before the report begins and fade out as the voice begins speaking.  It will also fade in at the conclusion of the report and play briefly for a few seconds following.
The front end will be simple and intuitive.  It will contain the uploaded image to serve as a title image.  The “Play Report” button will be prominently displayed.  Beneath the play button a written version of the report will be scene in a scrollable window with a copy option, however the entire page should fit without scrolling as it’s primary function is to play the audio report.  The styling and design of the home page will be professional and color choices will complement the uploaded images.  There should be a landscape version and portrait version for mobile phones.  Each should be expertly formatted to fit the screen.
